Specifications
    The customer needs a way to efficiently manage their aircraft fleet. You are a member of the backend team in charge of this project.
    It has been agreed that the minimum viable product would provide a REST API to perform CRUD operations on the fleet.

Requirements
    Aircraft are represented by a unique serial number and a manufacturer (those two attributes can be represented as strings)
    An aircraft can be assigned to a flight. A flight is represented by:
        A departure and an arrival airport (airports are represented using their ICAO codes - see here for more information: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICAO_airport_code)
        Departure and arrival dates and times
        An aircraft, that can be assigned to the flight at its creation or later
    A flight can only be created for a future departure
    Flights can be searched by departure and arrival airport, as well as a departure time range.

Nice to have
    For reporting purposes, it would be useful to have the ability to retrieve, for a given period of time (departure and arrival datetime interval, provided as request parameters), the list of the departure airports of all flights flying - partially or not - within this time range, and for each departure airport, the number of flights as well as the in-flight time for each aircraft. The in-flight time taken into account should be strictly within the time range, and the average time is expressed in minutes.

Technical considerations
    This backend has to be developed in Python (any version starting at 2.7 or newer is fine), The web framework you use is completely up to you
    There is no need for a UI, but make sure to document your API to ease QA work (a good README.md embedding the endpoints description is enough)
    Unit tests, code quality and compliance with standard conventions, and documentation will be considered.
    You can either push your solution to the repository of your choice or send it as a zip file. However, if you choose to provide a Git repository, please make sure you keep it private and provide access to the person in charge of your application.

